Gentlemen, I got a problem.
I've gathered you here because I
need the smartest guys I know.
My life is what it is,
so that's you.
He's talking to you
guys, so step it up.
Yesterday, I was the only one
home and the doorbell rings.
It was Carl Tompkins.
That son of a bitch.
Who's Carl Tompkins?
Pastor Carl? The guy who married
me and Andi at our wedding.
That son of a bitch.
Dad, will you listen, please?
He gave me some very bad news.
17 years ago, when I
married you and Andi,
I had a nasty gambling problem.
But I'm in a program now,
and I'm on the ninth step,
which is making amends.
Amends? That's never good.
When I did your ceremony,
I was broke,
so I hadn't renewed
my credentials.
I forged your paperwork
and your marriage isn't legal.
What?
We're not legally married?
But why would you
do the ceremony
if you knew
it wasn't real?
I just love
making people happy.
Do I look happy now?
So I was right--
he is a son of a bitch.
Andi's not
gonna like this.
But she's not
gonna blame Adam.
It's not your fault the guy
had a gambling problem.
See, this is
where it gets tricky.
H-He's not the guy
Andi told me to hire.
I picked him
'cause he was cheaper.
Oh, Adam.
What? Well, I had
to do something.
Look, we agreed on a simple
courthouse ceremony,
then the bride magazines
started showing up
and everything got expensive.
She wanted to move it
to the Bahamas.
I had to show her a bunch
of shark attack videos
just to keep it on the mainland.
So you're not legally married?
And it's your fault.
And Andi doesn't know.
That's pretty much it.
Yeah, you're gonna need
smarter guys.
*
First of all, I am
really pumped to be included
in this advice circle.
We don't name our meetings,
Lowell.
And if we did, it would
be something cool,
like "war council."
But a wedding is not something
to cut corners on.
You blew it, bubba.
Sorry for the language.
Money is for saving,
not spending.
That's right, and you're
gonna need that money
when the storm comes.
And there is always
a storm coming.
You taught us that, Pop.
I'm never not afraid.
Damn straight.
It keeps you frosty.
Mm-hmm.
So how do I tell Andi
we're not legally married
because I wanted to save
a few bucks?
Now, keep in mind,
not being married might be
a hot-button issue for her.
Well, you could
soften her up with some romance.
Ooh, take her to
a nice hotel for a weekend.
I don't like the idea
of being locked
in a tiny room with her
when she finds out.
Whenever I've screwed
up with Marcy--
and it has happened--
I tell her I did
something much worse,
and then when I tell
her the real thing,
(exhales)
she's relieved.
So what could I tell Andi
that's worse than this?
Nothing.
I was just saying, you know,
if you'd done something
not so big,
that would be the solution.
This is the worst war council
I've ever been on.
Son, you got to think
outside the box.
Men have been screwing up with
women for thousands of years.
They're on to us.
You need something new.
So your idea is:
come up with a good idea.
That's right.
Run with that.
Okay. Well, a lot of good
perspectives here.
But the thing is, Andi
is the best, all right?
I got a good one,
so I'm just gonna go home
and tell her;
she'll understand.
Attaboy.
Absolutely.
Good for you.
He's not coming
back from this.
He's a dead man.
I should have told him
I loved him.
Hey, sweetie.
Hey.
You'll never guess what happened
at work today.
I hope it was good.
It's so good.
Okay. I finally figured out
who's been microwaving fish in
the break room. It was Karen.
Yeah. We're gonna have
a whole meeting about it
and everything.
Yeah. Funny thing happened
to me today, too. Get this.
Wait. Wait.
Babe, what's this? They didn't
have the organic chicken?
No, no, they did, but we'll
get to that in a minute.
Yeah.
Okay, but, um,
I thought we agreed we
were gonna go organic.
Remember? We watched
that documentary.
You cried a little.
Then I saw how much
organic chicken costs,
and I cried more.
They just charge you
twice as much
'cause they slap
a fancy label on it.
Okay, Adam, we've
talked about this.
Don't be cheap.
Well-- I am not cheap,
I am frugal.
Okay, see what you did there?
You just took "cheap" and you
slapped a fancy label on it.
Okay, this isn't a big deal,
it's just chicken,
but I-I do need to...
Okay, look, Adam, we both
know it's not just chicken.
I mean, like, for example,
all of our napkins
come from fast food places.
You should never have
to pay for napkins.
They're free everywhere.
And when company comes over,
we put out the good ones
from Arby's.
Okay. Let's talk about
our coffee situation.
These coffee pods
come 12 to a box,
but somehow every box
seems to last us for a month.
I did not know that
you noticed that.
Oh, I did.
Says right on it,
"single use only."
You've been double dripping,
haven't you?
You're damn right I have.
They would love for you to
only use each pod once.
That's their whole scam.
I bet you there's a
documentary about that.
Okay, Adam, it's not a scam,
okay?
I've been drinking brown water
and falling asleep at 10:30
in the morning.
Okay, you know
I love a bargain.
But isn't it fun when you
find out and we have a laugh?
Huh?
Yeah, so fun.
Hey, um, let me ask you
something.
Last week, when you made
the reservation
for our family trip
to Keystone Lake,
um...
you said that the hotel
right on the water was full,
so that we had to stay at the
cheap one six blocks away.
Yeah.
Yeah. I-I-I-I told you that
because that's what happened.
And if I'm remembering
right, and I hope I am,
I said there was a convention.
Uh-huh. So if I call
the good hotel right now,
they'll say they're booked.
Oh, they absolutely will.
They might not.
I knew it.
You know what?
I can deal with
the napkins and the coffee,
but you can't skimp
on the big stuff.
The family stuff, that's what
makes me crazy, all right?
I don't want to hear
about any more secret ways
that you've been
cheaping out.
Well, d-don't
worry, you won't.
Okay, good.
Hey, what did you want
to talk to me about?
Nothing.
Uh, well, I just wanted
to talk... in general.
And we did.
Great job.
So I'm not telling her.
I'm sorry it didn't go well,
but I'm thrilled to be back.
I'm this close to
making us all T-shirts.
What happened?
I didn't have time
to get the design right.
Not you.
What happened?
Well, I was gonna tell her,
but inside of five minutes,
she busted me on discount
chicken, reused coffee pods,
and a secret budget hotel.
It did not seem wise or healthy
for me to tell her
I picked Pastor Carl
because he was cheaper.
I mean, "frugaler."
I once had a frugaler
at a Jewish wedding.
It was delicious.
So the problem isn't
that you're not married,
it's that you're not married
because you were cheap.
And she does not like that,
which is sad,
because I think it's one
of my greatest qualities.
Look,
when it comes to money,
I'm right and she's wrong,
but this will prove
that I'm wrong.
If it proves you're wrong,
doesn't that mean you're wrong?
Clearly I'm wrong.
It will upset the balance
of our whole marriage.
I'll lose every
money argument forever.
We'll just be sitting
in the poor house
with our rich black coffee
and high-end napkins.
So you're not gonna
tell her at all?
You're just gonna
stay not married?
I thought about that.
I could tell her now, or...
I could fix it
and tell her never.
Huh? How about this?
Andi's always talking about
renewing our vows someday.
Why can't that be now?
And why can't that be done
by a real pastor?
Then you'll be
legally married.
I like it. It's got
Lowell's romance,
it's got Dad's
outside the box,
and it's kind
of shady, like me.
What?
You are so beautiful.
Even when you're
about to spit.
Mmm. Thanks, honey.
You know, I was
just thinking,
we haven't done something
really romantic in a long time.
You know, to
celebrate our love.
Aw, sweetie, you don't have
to do a whole song and dance.
You know I'm always up
to roll around a little.
We can do that,
too, but I'm talking
about a spontaneous event.
Like... (gasps)
Ah, never mind,
it's too romantic.
No. Whoa. What? What?
No, no, no.
It's too magical.
(gasps)
Tell me.
(sighs)
What if we renewed our vows?
(gasps)
Oh, I've always
wanted to do that.
Oh, but, I mean,
shouldn't we wait
for a big anniversary?
Like our 20th or our 30th?
No, no, no. No, no, no.
I-I-I, I think we
do it right now
for our 17-and-a-half-ieth.
Huh?
No one will see that coming.
What's gotten into you?
Just a bunch of love.
Huh? Think about it.
The girls can wear
matching outfits.
Teddy can wear suspenders.
You love Teddy in suspenders.
He looks so cute--
like a tiny Southern lawyer.
Yeah.
Okay, let's do it.
We're doing it.
(laughing):
Yeah. This is so exciting.
(gasps)
Ooh. What about having
it in the Bahamas?
Huh?
Uh... (chatters teeth)
Oh.
Nah.
Sharks. I forgot.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, but it's still
gonna be great.
Yeah, yeah. Oh, and this
time, my dad won't be trying
to talk me out of it as
I'm walking down the aisle.
I did not know he did that.
Huh. Look, but-- hey,
let's get married again.
Yay! (laughs)
Okay, great,
you guys are all set for
the renewal ceremony tonight.
We look
like dweebs.
Yes, you do. That's your wedding
present to your mother.
These suspenders are pulling
my pants up too high.
I feel like I'm
sitting on a rope.
Go loosen 'em up a little.
I want grandkids.
Okay, I'll take these
out to the backyard
and arrange them
around the altar.
Oh, and, Adam, I think
what you're doing today
is incredibly romantic.
(laughs)
That's a hint, Don.
I'm all over it, baby.
So in a few hours, you're
gonna make an honest woman
out of Andi.
Yeah.
She's very excited.
Apparently, I'm the world's
greatest husband...
based on her limited
information.
But after tonight
we'll be back to being married,
and I can pretend
this whole thing never happened.
You seem
a little jumpy, son.
I saw that look run past me
in Vietnam a lot.
Yeah, I'm jumpy. I got
a lot of balls in the air, a lot
of stories. It's complicated.
Hey, listen, if you were
gonna tell her the truth,
you should have done it
the day you found out.
The cover-up is always worse
than the crime.
Why didn't you say that when
we were having the war council?
I just thought of it.
Oh.
Don't give me
a bunch of beers
and then ask me
serious questions.
Well, you know what? Andi
will be home any minute
from getting her hair done,
she'll see how beautiful
everything looks out there,
we'll tie the knot,
and I'll be home free.
All right, I'm gonna
go get your mom.
She's been up on blocks
at the beauty shop
getting a full refurb.
(knocking)
Oh, that'll be Lowell
with cake. Okay.
Yeah.
Who are you?
Pastor Carl.
Son of a bitch.
Pastor Carl, what
are you doing here?
(scoffs)
I need to talk to Andi.
Turns out, I got
to make amends to her, too.
I got a meeting
in a few hours,
and if I get Andi,
I can move on to step ten.
Well, settle in to step
nine 'cause you're
not talking to her.
You got to get out of here.
No, no.
I'm not going anywhere
until I see Andi.
Okay, uh, fine. Um...
Tell me what you want to say
to her, and I'll text it to her.
Then you can leave,
and I'll text you what she says.
She'll probably say
something like, "I forgive you.
Don't ever come to my house
again, and, you know..."
No. Don't sit!
I got bad knees from
standing at the craps table.
Okay, fine. You know what?
I'll go get her.
She's out in the driveway.
Yeah. Hey, is this champagne
for anybody?
Yeah, anybody but you.
So I just need you
to pretend
to be my wife for,
like, five minutes.
You have got to be kidding me.
Do it for Andi, huh?
How you would feel
if you found out
you weren't really
married to Don?
Yeah, that's not gonna
get you there.
Yeah, okay, okay,
bad example. Look,
but I'm in a real spot here.
This is my home.
I'd like to keep living here.
Well, I don't know.
Maybe I'll like
Andi's second husband better.
Yeah, maybe he'll want
to play tennis with me.
Oh.
Well, think about
Andi's feelings, okay?
She loved our wedding.
It meant everything to her.
If you could help me fix this
without her finding out,
it would really spare her
a lot of heartache.
Okay, I'll do it...
for Andi.
Okay.
But I have one condition.
Anything.
I'm taking voice lessons,
and you're gonna let me sing
at the renewal ceremony.
Whatever you want. Yeah.
How long you been taking
voice lessons?
My first one is Tuesday.
Oh.
Okay.
Here's my wife Andi, so you can
make your amends and move on.
You looked a lot different
at the wedding.
(mutters)
Well, you know, living
with me takes it toll.
I'm not buying this.
If that's really Andi, kiss her.
Whoa. Hey, Padre,
whoa, whoa, whoa.
If you're looking for a
thrill, go to the library,
get on their Wi-Fi,
like the rest of us.
Don.
You're not
kissing my wife.
Okay, fine.
She's not my wife.
But you got to
get out of here.
My real wife will
be here any minute.
I'll tell you what-- I'll
give you a hundred dollars
to just go back
to being a gambler.
Remember how fun
that was, huh?
Hey... honey.
Oh, my God.
Pastor Carl?
DON:
All right.
Let's back it up.
This is gonna get bumpy.
Mm-hmm.
I can't believe this.
You got Pastor Carl
to do the renewal
because he married us
the first time?
You are
full of surprises.
(laughing):
I sure am, yeah.
But, unfortunately,
Pastor Carl can't do it
'cause he's,
uh... he's booked.
Yeah, he just came by to give
us the bad news in person.
Oh, that's such a shame.
You know what?
I'll do it.
I'll cancel
everything.
You will?
Yeah.
I just love making people happy!
Yay!
ADAM:
Hey!
But you said you didn't
have your license anymore.
Well, who cares?
It's just a renewal.
Yeah, let's get happy.
ANDI: Yes!
ADAM: No! No! No! No!
Andi, Pastor Carl can't do it.
Well, why not?
He just said he could.
Yeah.
But he isn't a
licensed pastor.
And-and-and...
And he wasn't when he
married us the first time.
What?
Oh. Uh, what does that mean?
Okay, technically--
and this is really
just a small clerical thing--
we're not legally married.
Amends made.
Good night.
(door closes)
Oh, my God, so that's why...
She's putting
it together.
Wait. What?!
Nope. She lost it.
Oh.
I-I'll walk her through it.
The renewal wasn't a renewal.
He was trying to marry you
without you knowing
because that guy
wasn't pasteurized.
Okay, she's all caught up.
Back to you.
But the good news is we're all
set to fix this today, okay?
I got a real pastor coming over.
I checked his papers and
everything, so what do you say?
Let's get hitched.
I don't think so.
(to "Here Comes the Bride"):
* Da, da-da, da
* Da, da...
Oh, Adam.
You're so beautiful.
Remember when
that was fun?
You know what?
It's all coming back to me now.
I gave you the pastor
to hire for our wedding.
Where did Pastor Carl
even come from?
I mean, why didn't you just
hire my guy?
My actual minister guy,
my not-addicted-to-gambling guy?
I didn't know he was
addicted to gambling.
I was just trying
to save a few bucks.
Your guy was so expensive.
I'm sorry.
We're not married
because you're cheap?
You know, some people say
that's one of my best qualities.
You know, I can deal
with a discount chicken, okay?
But this? I mean, come on, Adam,
we're not really married.
I just know that there's always
a storm coming.
I think the storm is here.
I'm just saying,
we have been through some times.
You remember 2008? I didn't
build a house for ten months.
We almost had
to move in with my parents.
They had one bathroom, Andi.
One bathroom, no fan,
just a book of matches.
But we had
our rainy day fund,
so we got to stay here.
Okay, I get it.
But our wedding, Adam?
You skimped on our wedding.
I skimped on our wedding because
I cared about our marriage.
Which doesn't
legally exist.
I am working on that.
I almost had it today.
I was this close!
(clears throat)
Look, when we were
first engaged,
I didn't know
if the business was gonna work.
I was freaking out.
Well, why didn't
you just tell me that?
Because I didn't
want you to worry.
Andi, I wanted
to give you everything,
but I didn't have... anything.
All I had was you.
(sighs)
Well, now look
what you did.
You gave me the feels.
You know, if you marry me again,
I promise that every time
I make coffee...
You'll only use the
coffee pod once?
No, I can't do that.
But I will always
give you the first cup.
I'll take it.
(laughs)
Let's get married again
for the first time.
Great! Yeah.
I get another crack
at our wedding night.
I know what you like now.
Thanks for marrying me
today, Mrs. Burns.
Turns out that was a real quick
fix down at the courthouse.
Mm-hmm.
If I just told you
in the beginning,
I could have avoided
a lot of trouble.
Well, you're right
about one thing.
Our first wedding night
was pretty wild.
Mm-hmm.
But... this one's
even better.
Yeah, I see what you're going
for there, but no.
(laughs)
Well, you're a good man.
It's not easy to find
a guy to marry you
when you're in your 40s
and you got three kids.
Whose feet stink?
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org